# Session 3

Goal - Implementing queue and frontier and their test cases 
Day - 07-07-2024
Time - 4:30 AM to 6:30 AM

Duration - 2 hours

Problems faced - faced problem while implementing the queue in the submodule of the old project and also faced problem with its cmake

also had problem with the frontier implementation because i had to link cmake to somehow use the queue class from the submodule and make a frontier class so i somehow fixed both the cmakelists and made it work and also made the test cases for frontier to test queue and frontier 

Outcome -  implemeted frontier and queue and also made some test cases for them and also fixed the cmakelists to make it work with the submodule 

Running main() from C:/Users/garvc/Desktop/CQ/Project-02/build/_deps/googletest-src/googletest/src/gtest_main.cc
[==========] Running 1 test from 1 test suite.
[----------] Global test environment set-up.
[----------] 1 test from FrontierTest
[ RUN      ] FrontierTest.EmptyInitially
[       OK ] FrontierTest.EmptyInitially (0 ms)
[----------] 1 test from FrontierTest (6 ms total)

[----------] Global test environment tear-down
[==========] 1 test from 1 test suite ran. (20 ms total)
[  PASSED  ] 1 test.

These components were implemented in this session:
URLDepth
Queue
Frontier
Frontier Tests
CMake Integration

also started building URLNormalizer for which to resolveURL ive used libcurl

also faced this problem while implementing  URL NORMALIZER isvalidURL method
:\Users\garvc\Desktop\CQ\Project-02\build>URLNormalizerTests.exe
Running main() from C:/Users/garvc/Desktop/CQ/Project-02/build/_deps/googletest-src/googletest/src/gtest_main.cc
[==========] Running 4 tests from 1 test suite.
[----------] Global test environment set-up.
[----------] 4 tests from URLNormalizerTest
[ RUN      ] URLNormalizerTest.ValidURLs
[       OK ] URLNormalizerTest.ValidURLs (0 ms)
[ RUN      ] URLNormalizerTest.InvalidURLs
[       OK ] URLNormalizerTest.InvalidURLs (0 ms)
[ RUN      ] URLNormalizerTest.MissingHost
[       OK ] URLNormalizerTest.MissingHost (0 ms)
[ RUN      ] URLNormalizerTest.MalformedURL
C:/Users/garvc/Desktop/CQ/Project-02/tests/test_urlnormalizer.cpp:44: Failure
Value of: normalizer.isValidURL("https:/abc")
  Actual: true
Expected: false

[  FAILED  ] URLNormalizerTest.MalformedURL (13 ms)
[----------] 4 tests from URLNormalizerTest (47 ms total)

[----------] Global test environment tear-down
[==========] 4 tests from 1 test suite ran. (61 ms total)
[  PASSED  ] 3 tests.
[  FAILED  ] 1 test, listed below:
[  FAILED  ] URLNormalizerTest.MalformedURL

 1 FAILED TEST

C:\Users\garvc\Desktop\CQ\Project-02\build>

fixed it and wrote more cases for isvalid function